docs: litellm examples (#681)
Arize-ai/openinference: python/instrumentation/openinference-instrumentation-litellm/README.md

# OpenInference LiteLLM Instrumentation

> [LiteLLM](https://github.com/BerriAI/litellm) allows developers to call all LLM APIs using the openAI format. [LiteLLM Proxy](https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/simple_proxy) is a proxy server to call 100+ LLMs in OpenAI format. Both are supported by this autoinstrumentation library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[LiteLLM](https://github.com/BerriAI/litellm) allows developers to call all LLM APIs using the openAI format. [LiteLLM Proxy](https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/simple_proxy) is a proxy server to call 100+ LLMs in OpenAI format. Both are supported by this auto-instrumentation.
```
